A thud echoes across the plateau as another lamprey falls to the ground, followed by the wet sound of a softball bat being pulled from the gore that was once its head.
Idly wiping brain matter from her bat while panting, Astarotte glances over at her partner, fighting off two more lampreys.
"Hey, Sven, how are you holding up?"
"Just --"
He quickly ducks under a punch, cutting along the other lamprey's arm with a knife as it howls in rage.
"Just fine! But --"
As claws swing towards him, Sven rolls to the right, barely escaping injury.
"Not really the --"
Spying an opening, Sven stabs into the lamprey's abdomen.
Gurgling as it dies, it stumbles and grabs onto him, the knife still embedded in its belly.
"Fuck!"
The second lamprey slices indiscriminately through Sven's arm and its dying partner's shoulder.
"What's the matter, Sven? Can't handle a couple lampreys?"
As Sven struggles against the dead weight holding him, he spots an incoming attack.
"A little help heEAAAAH!"
Blood runs down his leg as a claw stabs deep into his thigh.
"Asta--"
His voice cuts off as a bat flies inches from his face, smashing the attacking lamprey's head into a shower of gore.
"I think some of it got in my mouth."
Shoving the limp lamprey off of Sven, Astarotte pulls out a small box from her pack.
"Try not to scream too loudly."
Sven's breath hitches momentarily in his throat, woozily swaying for a moment before gritting his teeth while she pulls out a curved needle with a plastic thread.
Without any painkillers, she sprays disinfectant with a hiss, befoe she stabs the needle into his thigh, sewing the skin together as he suppresses a whimper.
"Alright, let's see that arm."
Looking over the wound for a moment, she nods to herself before wrapping it in gauze, and stowing away her kit.
"So, taken down by a couple lampreys, huh?"
Steadying his breathing, Sven rolls his eyes as he bends over and tries to pull his knife from the corpse.
"Everyone has off-days."
"Whatever you say, killer. Anyway, it looks like those were the last ones. Get your knife, and let's get out of here."
As she walks by, she smacks his ass casually, stopping when she hears a yelp.
"Was that you?"
"N-no."
"Oh. I guess it was just --"
Astarotte quickly slaps his ass as Sven squeals audibly.
"That *was* you! What a cute little sound."
Sven keeps his back to Astarotte, and stops struggling to retrieve his knife.
"Oh, come on, Sven. I'm just teasing."
She pokes him a few times.
"If you're not going to get your knife, I guess I'll just have to."
She quickly pushes him aside to the ground, and with a grunt, pulls the knife out with a wet slick noise.
"Here you..."
As Astarotte goes to hand him his knife, she sees the blush on his face as he refuses to look directly at her, and his hands covering his crotch.
"Did that turn you on?"
"N-no, it didn't."
She snickers.
"Oh, come on, I can see your boner, Sven."
As Sven shifts to better cover himself, Astarotte pounces and straddles him, whispering teasingly into his ear.
"Does it turn you on to have someone on top of you?"
She pulls her hand back before rapidly smacking it into his thigh as he squeaks.
"Does little Sven get off on being dominated by a girl?"
"N-no, of course not!"
With a chuckle, she drops down and lays her body against him.
"Are you sure?"
As she presses more weight onto him, Sven gasps and involuntarily bucks his hips against Astarotte's crotch.
"Wow."
Astarotte pauses a moment.
"You're *really* getting off on this, aren't you? I was just teasing, but..."
He just blushes and looks away from her gaze.
"I'm actually getting a little turned on, too."
Astarotte quickly grabs through the crotch of his pants as he moans softly.
"The sounds you make are just so cute and... girly."
"N-no they aren't!"
Astarotte giggles as her other hand slowly trails down Sven's stomach and into his pants.
"If that's what you want to think. But I think it's --"
The soft skin of her hand quickly reaches its target and punctuates each syllable with quick stroke from tip to base, while gentle groans escape Sven.
"A. Dor. A. Ble."
She steadily strokes his shaft, rubbing the head with her palm as she watches his face contort in pleasure with little gasps.
"I don't think there's any way you can deny that y--"
Suddenly, his gasps give way to a loud moan as every one of his muscles tenses up, his rod throbbing and pulsating, dribbling its hot seed all over Astarotte's hand as she strokes.
"I guess you were *really* enjoying it. I didn't even tell you to cum yet."
Sven's back arches as she continues her assault, not letting up as he rides out his orgasm with occasional spasms of pleasure.
Slowly, his penis softens in her hand, soaked in semen, as he comes down from ecstasy.
"Aww. You got my hand all wet. Clean it up for me, will you?"
With a schlick, Astarotte pulls her hand and puts it near his mouth.
Barely coherent in the afterglow, Sven lifts his head and slowly licks his own cum off of her hand, still panting.
Without a thought, he bathes her hand with his tongue, replacing his semen with a light coating of saliva.
"Well, that's clean enough for now."
Standing up, she leans back, stretching as her back cracks, as he watches, still a little dazed.
"Now that your mess is cleaned up, I've got a little bit of a mess between *my* legs you're gonna clean with your tongue too."
With a wink, Astarotte gives one final swat to Sven's rear, getting a satisfied grunt, before walking back toward their apartment building.
"Better hurry, killer!"
Blushing, Sven shakes his head and picks his knife up from the ground before running off after her.
