Long after the sun had set, Samara peeked her head from her torn sleeping bag.
She looked across her campsite, checking on the unmoving hangers-on who'd thrown their lot in with her, illuminated by the embers of their dying fire.
Out here in the wastelands, people were desperate, and desperate people are dangerous people.
She knew her "followers" would turn on her in a heartbeat the moment she showed weakness, but they were asleep for now.
If they saw her tonight...

As quietly as she could, she slipped out of her sleeping bag, with no need to unzip the long-broken zipper.
She tried to steady her hands as she grabbed her well-worn rifle, careful not to make a sound.
Her heart beat fast with nervousness and an embarrassed excitement that had kept her up all night.
She picked up her glasses from a log nearby, held together with salvaged bits of metal soldered onto the original frame, and slipped them onto her face.
She was already dressed in her armor, having long since gotten into the habit of sleeping in it, but if anyone saw her face right now, she didn't think anyone would recognize the Four-eyed Lord who'd carved a swathe of death into the nearby city during a raid gone wrong.

Quietly, she slipped out of her campsite alone, carefully watching for any signs of people nearby.
She made her way down a hill and under a fallen tree, making her way down along a stream, cautiously glancing around at the dying trees for any signs of movement.
Finally, she found what she was looking for.

Under some fallen branches was a small monstrosity of an aircraft, a hybrid airplane-helicopter cobbled together from spare parts based on some aeronautics hobbyist's nightmares.
Much of its chassis was filled with rough tears from bullets and missiles, and half of its landing gear had sheared off.
She'd found it long-abandoned here months ago, blood splattered all over the cockpit and its door ripped off.
As Samara dragged the branches hiding it to the side, she hoped it would manage to do what she needed.

She stepped inside, checking over the cracked instrument panel as she strapped herself into what remained of the safety harness.
With a deep breath to steady her nerves, she turned the key.
The lights of the cockpit flickered unsteadily for a moment as an impotent whirring came from outside, before suddenly with a loud, unsteady shudder the engines roared to life.
Samara maneuvered the controls as her aircraft whined and complained, and then jerkily rose off the ground, swaying uneasily as it lifted into the air.

She squinted into the darkness as she turned to the northeast, and started flying out over the water.
The plane shook as it flew, fighting her control, but she truly couldn't say whether it was the plane or her shaky hands that were at fault.
Her heart beat fast in her chest, imagining what she was about to do.
Soon, she would...

She jerked back on the controls reflexively as a sudden shaking jolted her out of her thoughts.
Breathing deeply, she tried to focus on flying and ignore the hot feeling in her face.
Soon, she saw a small island in the surf below, and pitched the aircraft downward for a landing in a small clearing.
The instruments beeped as the plane complained, but eventually complied, landing on the grass with a rough thump.

As Samara turned the engines off, she was struck with a moment of hesitation.
She pulled a broken shard of a mirror she'd found from a pile of supplies and checked herself over.
Her hair was messy after so long unable to bathe, and she was covered in dirt and grime.
What would she think if she showed up like this?
Was it a mistake to --

A quiet knocking came from the entrance to the plane.

"Hey."

She turned and her heart skipped a beat as she saw Zephyr there in the doorway, dressed in clothes with light armor plates sewn in them, with disheveled hair that made her look casual and in control in almost any situation.
She carried a sword in its sheath at her waist, ready at a moment's notice.

"Hi."

Samara felt an uncharacteristically nervous smile tug at her lips as she dropped down out of the plane's entrance, looking over at Wasteland Punch, the infamous arsonist who burned down a military base to win a bet.
She'd known her by reputation, but they'd never met until...

Her face grew hot, and she was glad Zephyr couldn't see it in the moonlight.
She stood there, unused to any form of talking that didn't involve threats.
Zephyr in turn just watched her, with a look of nervous contemplation on her own face, before she opened her lips.

"Wanna...go for a walk?"

Samara nodded, and managed to get out her words.

"Yeah."

They walked together away from the plane, along the edge of the island.
Samara couldn't help but sneak peeks at Zephyr from the corner of her eye.
Every one of her movements seemed somehow graceful and forceful at the same time, unstoppable and yet precise.
Her sword swayed gently in time with her steps as she walked confidently onto the sand of the beach.
Then, Zephyr turned to look at her, and she looked away, her face flushed with embarrassment that she'd been caught watching.

"I...put together something for us Sam."

As she returned her focus to the beach, Samara saw a small cooler and a couple towels as a makeshift picnic blanket in the sand.

"I...might not know..."

Zephyr trailed off as she walked over to the towels, avoiding her gaze.
Samara tried desperately to control the goofy smile that forced its way to her lips as she walked over to the towels and cooler.
Her eyes instinctually glanced for any dangers as she sat down on one of the towels.

"It's...nice, Zeph."

The sand shifted as Zephyr sat down on the blanket beside her, opening the cooler.
Samara watched as she pulled out two sandwiches and handed her one.

"'m not much of a cook, but..."

Sam looked down at the sandwich, made from crudely cut bread and filled with whatever scraps of meat and vegetables Zephyr'd managed to find.
Her heart pounded and her throat felt tight.

"I'm...glad you made it."

In nervous silence, Samara bit into her sandwich, looking out over the waves lit by the moon.
To her side, she heard Zephyr quietly doing the same.
Her face felt hot just thinking about Zeph putting all of this thought into their...meeting, and making food for her.

As she finished the last of her sandwich, she glanced over at Zephyr, only to see her gazing out at the water silently.
Samara's heart pounded in her chest as she managed to force her body to behave.
She moved her arms, shifting her position as she acted as if she was stretching, adjusting how she was sitting on the sand...while discreetly scooting a few inches closer to Zephyr.

Blushing furiously and smiling to herself, she looked out at the choppy water sparkling with the reflections of the moon and the few stars that could still shine through the smog.
She tried to keep from fidgeting with her wristpad, an old nervous habit she thought she'd long since controlled, when she suddenly felt something against her shoulder.

Her body tensed up for a moment on instinct, but she kept her cool and casually glanced down from the corner of her eye to see Zephyr had also moved closer to her, and their shoulders were now touching.
Her face burned as she looked out over the water, desperately willing her heartbeat to calm down with a smile she had no hopes of hiding.

Too nervous to speak, she sat there watching the waves together until the sunrise.
